chore: add changelog (#279)
mercator-ocean/copernicus-marine-toolbox: doc/changelog/v201.rst

Release 2.0.1
=====================

Patch release with bug fixes and improvements.

General
''''''''

Fixes
------------------

* Fixed some typos in the documentation.

> * Fixed broken links to binaries in the documentation when releasing a new version. They now point to the same version as the version of the documentation.

Reviewer: I don't fully understand the second part of the phrase, it is properly written? What do you mean?

Author: So the documentation has a version so the binaries will point to this specific version, before they were pointing to "latest" if I am not wrong

Reviewer: Correctly, perfect!

Subset
''''''''

Fixes
------------------

* Fixed a bug where input just outside the range of the dataset would not be handled correctly.

> * Fixed a bug when calculating the 'nearest' point for a dataset, it would not always return the correct point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug when using the 'nearest' method for a subset selection, it would not always return the correct extreme points.
```
